Now let's actually implement this comment posted mark down class and what we will do is we will convert
everything that we have inside our comment posted and this old template to markdown.
So first we need our comments to be passed to this class so we can actually pass some data.
So we'll also do that through constructor.
We will utilize our field inside this constructor and now we also have to add public comment.
So then this will be also available inside the views even though it is marked down.
It's no different.
It works exactly the same.
Now what we are also doing in this class is we are actually creating a specific subject.
So let's also do that here.
We can use exactly the same code.
We can also specify subject using the same method.
So markdown is actually only used to tell it that it should render this e-mail using the markdown templates
not any and a template that you are actually passing here using normal HDMI all without anything else.
So this would be changes to the comment posts that mark down Peach Pit class.
Now let's actually make some changes to the template so let's see what do we have here.
So we have this message.
Hi.
So let's keep it up
the header can be comment was posted on your blog post this can stay the same OK.
Now we can add a text like that someone has posted on your blog post
and then we will actually insert a link to this blog post so we can copy this route.
This would be our new URL parameter of this component like that and here we can say something like view
that block blog post.
Now what else do we have here.
There is a horizontal line we can skip that for now.
Now here we have a link to the user profile.
So let's also add another button component let's call it visit.
This would be the user name profile
so the URL to the profile let's copy that to the URL parameter of the component
also mind we do not need this syntax here so it's just enough to pass it like down.
So let's also remove that from this place
and now the user name
so the button will contain the actual user name.
And finally we have what this user has actually said so we can use another component to display this.
So we do component mail and we use that panel component so male panel and com parliament and inside
it will just render whatever the user has said something like this.
Okay.
This should work.
Now let's save the changes and add another comment.
So hello from Mark down this time it's real OK and I forgot to actually pass this comment object inside
the post comment controller.
So let's weekly fix that.
So this should actually be comment.
OK.
Now save the changes and to refresh
something is wrong with one of the components.
Yes I forgot this character Kay now finally save the changes and refresh.
This will take a couple of seconds.
Now let's refresh the mail drop to see what was actually sent.
So what we have is we have this subject.
So this is as we created that then we have comment was posted on your blog post the header.
We say hello to the user that actually created the blog post and then there is also a link to visit
the blog post and the link to visit their user profile.
The one that has posted that and also a nice panel which displays what was actually said of course we
can style this a little bit more a little bit better use different components.
We can also create our own components like for example in those or regional e-mails that we have sent
using the comment post that template and comment posted may level class.
We just put that image like that.
So it wasn't really styled very nice but you can create your own component here like image the corresponding
one for each the email and plaintext where in plaintext you will just ignore everything because you
can't really display images in plain text and then you can add some nice styling so this would also
contain some of the like user avatar inside this HDMI version of the markdown may level.
Now finally if you would like to style something then there is this famous folder inside the h the AML
and is contained it contains all the basic default HDMI all.
So as you can see since there is a folder for it called themes you can create different themes.
So that's the default one provided by Lavell.
It looks good in my opinion but.
Well you might want to customize it so we can either change it here so modify the classes or alternatively
inside there may be HP config file.
There is a configuration option for markdown saying what theme should be used.
And also there is the resource path where you can configure where you store all the templates.
So as you can see there is views vendor mail.
Now here if you would like some additional theme then you will also create another C assess file and
then you will change the form named let's say dark.